Our window confirmed
the existence of the Cursed Womb
approximately three hours ago.
When the evacuation rate reached 90%,
we sealed off the facility
upon evaluation of the scene.
Residents within a radius of 500 meters
have also been evacuated.
I have a question, Mr. Ijichi.
What is a "window"?
A window is an authorized combat personnel
who can confirm curses by sight.
However, they are not Jujutsu Sorcerers.
Oh, I see.
Allow me to continue.
Inside Dorm 2 of this detention center,
there are five prisoners left
with the Cursed Womb.
If the Cursed Womb manages to mutate,
we predict that it will transform
into a Special Grade Cursed Spirit.
-Special Grade…
Hey, I still don't really get
all this "Special Grade" stuff.
Well then…
Let me explain it
so that fools can understand.
First, Grade 4 Curses.
A wooden bat will suffice.
Grade 3 Curses.
You're probably safe with a gun.
Grade 2 Curses.
You'll barely make it with a shotgun.
Grade 1 Curses. You won't feel safe
even with a military tank.
And then we have the Special Grade Curses,
which you'll probably require
rapid carpet bombing.
That's very dangerous!
Usually, they dispatch Jujutsu Sorcerers
with an equal level to the Cursed Spirit.
In today's case,
it would have been someone like Mr. Gojo.
I see.
So where's Mr. Gojo?
-He's on a business trip.
-What?
In the first place, someone of his caliber
wasn't supposed to be
wasting time in a high school.
Don't expect me to bring souvenirs.
Unfortunately, we're always
understaffed in this line of business.
Sorcerers often have to manage tasks
way beyond their capabilities.
However, this is an emergency case.
"Fighting is strictly forbidden."
If you encounter
a Special Grade Cursed Spirit,
your only choices are to escape or to die.
Please heed your fears.
Don't forget that your mission
is to confirm and rescue any survivors.
Excuse me, about Tadashi…
You can't do this! Please stand back!
Tadashi…
Is my son, Tadashi, all right?
-Calm down, it's dangerous here.
-Let go of me.
-Please stand back!
-She’s one of the victims' guardians.
Please go back.
It is suspected that someone
has spread poison within the facility.
No further information can be disclosed
for the time being.
How could it be?
Why?
Why is this happening?
Fushiguro. Kugisaki.
Let's rescue them.
Of course.
DORM 2
Please be careful.
I'm putting up the Veil.
"Emerge from darkness,
that which is darker than black."
"Purify this impurity."
What?
It's turning into nighttime!
That's the Veil.
We're very close
to residential areas this time,
so it's a barrier to conceal us
from the outside world.
This is awesome!
How ignorant.
Divine Dogs.
As soon as the curse approaches,
it will let us know.
Oh, I see!
What a good boy! We'll be counting on you.
Let's go.
Wait!
What is that?
What's going on?
Isn't this supposed to be
a dormitory with two floors?
Calm down! This is a duplex building!
No, it's not.
This is an Innate Domain
created by the curse.
This is my first time seeing
a domain so huge.
Where's the door?
-What?
The door has disappeared!
-Why? Didn't we just enter from there?
-That's right!
-Oh, no, what should we do?
-It will be fine.
This dog can remember
the scent of the entrance.
-Oh, my!
Good boy! Let me feed you some jerky!
Give me all the jerkies here!
Come on! Be serious!
-Fushiguro, you're so reliable!
-What?
With your help, we can save the survivors
as well as ourselves!
Let's move.
How terrible…
I guess it's safe to say
that there are three people.
TADASHI OKAZAKI
Tadashi…
Is my son, Tadashi, all right?
I'm taking this body back.
What?
He is that woman's son.
But…
His face is still recognizable.
Telling her that he's dead
without showing the body…
Of course, his mother couldn't accept it.
We have to confirm the status
of the remaining two people,
so leave that body here.
You're kidding!
The path we came from disappeared!
There's no chance of coming back later!
I'm not saying we're coming back!
I'm saying we're leaving him here!
I have no intention
of bringing back a corpse of someone
I never intended to save!
You didn't intend to save them?
What do you mean?
This is a juvenile detention center.
Jujutsu Sorcerers receives information
on the crime scene in advance.
Tadashi Okazaki…
He was driving without a license
and hit a young girl
who was on her way home from school.
And this is his second offense.
You've always wanted to save civilians
and point them to the right death.
But what if the person you saved
takes someone else's life later?
Then why did you save me?
Stop it already! Jeez!
What are you two doing? Are you fools?
Consider the time and occasion--
Kugisaki?
Impossible! Did the Divine Dog
not detect the scent of the curse?
-Itadori!
-What?
Run! We'll find Kugisaki later…
There's no mistake.
This is the Special Grade Cursed Spirit.
I can't move.
Move!
Come on, move!
Save others.
Itadori…
What?
Goodness. Where am I?
It's dark and I can't see anything.
I can smell a curse!
What's with the amount of curses?
Nue!
Please don't die, Itadori and Kugisaki!
There's no escaping anymore
since I'm this close.
Hey, Sukuna. You'll die if I die, right?
Help me if you don't want that!
I refuse.
Even if I die in your body,
I still have 18 souls left.
But what makes me angry
is that I can't control this body.
Feel free to swap if you want to, but…
Instead of killing the Cursed Spirits,
I'll kill that kid first.
Next, I'll kill that woman.
She's full of spirit,
so I think I'll have fun with her.
I won't let you do that.
Guessed so.
But if you keep talking to me,
your buddy's going to die.
It's not using sorcery.
It's just using cursed energy!
Fushiguro!
Take Kugisaki out of here.
I'll hold it down until you guys leave.
After you're out,
find some way to send me a signal.
After that…
I'll change to Sukuna.
It's impossible for you to win!
How are you going to fight it
with bare hands?
Look closely.
He's enjoying it.
He's totally underestimating us.
I can still buy time.
You can't!
Fushiguro.
Please.
Divine Dogs!
Find Kugisaki!
This is the last one.
I should have brought a lot more.
Is it easier to move around
in just your undergarment?
But what should I do?
I don't know
how to use cursed energy at all.
Forget it. The important thing now
is to buy some time--
What was that?
Some kind of cursed energy barrier?
This seriously hurts.
It feels terrible. Why would I…
If I hadn't picked up the finger…
If I hadn't eaten it…
Back then…
Stop! Don't think about it!
No.
I want to run away.
I don't want to die.
Even if I die here,
is it considered a justified death?
Stop thinking about it!
Save others.
Was I…
really this weak?
I remember your faces.
I will curse you!
We're getting out, Kugisaki!
I hate frogs.
Well, sorry about that!
I overestimated myself.
I thought I was strong.
I thought I was strong enough
to choose my own death.
But in reality, I'm not.
I'm too weak!
I'm just too weak.
I don't want to die!
I don't want to! But…
I still have to die.
It's not about having a justified death.
Don't be naive!
No Jujutsu Sorcerer
can die without remorse.
Even so, you have to convince yourself
that it's justified.
Curses emerge from the negative
emotions of human beings.
If so, I'll use this hatred,
fear,
and regret.
I'll release them all…
into this fist of mine!
Darn it.
That howl…
Was that Fushiguro's signal?
This brat is really getting on my nerves.
He's totally looking down on me.
Wait a minute. Let me think about it.
I need to figure out a way
to make him regret it.
Right.
If I go after the other kid,
he'll switch back
right before I get to him.
That means "this" should
put him in a tough spot.
I'll put you guys back to where you were.
Hey. Let's go take down the kids.
Follow me.
You fool.
Oh, no. I helped him heal his hand.
You don't want to go for a walk?
Well, Cursed Spirits usually
only loiter around their birthplaces.
That's all good. If that's the case…
Die here!
Hey, what's wrong?
This is not all you're capable of, right?
That's right. Come on, you can do it!
What?
You might be a Cursed Spirit,
but you still miss your limb?
Please extend the evacuation zone
to ten kilometers.
What will you do, Fushiguro?
I'll be here waiting
for Itadori to come back.
I see.
I'll send Kugisaki to the hospital,
and return here as soon as possible.
It's fine.
It's not like
you can do anything, Mr. Ijichi.
If possible, please assign
a Grade 1 Jujutsu Sorcerer over here.
Although, I don't think there's any.
I'll try my best.
I'm leaving.
If something happens to him…
I don't want him to die.
It is personal.
Please do something about this.
…I am obligated to deal with him.
Hey, did you know?
We're classified as
Special Grade Curse Spirits.
Both you and I, I mean.
Nice going, Special Grade Curse!
Keep it up.
You look happy.
Shall I compliment you?
But unlike humans,
it's not difficult for Cursed Spirits
to regenerate with cursed energy.
You and this brat…
You guys really don't understand
anything about curses.
This is a good opportunity.
Let me teach you…
what real sorcery is.
Domain Expansion.
Malevolent Shrine.
I wanted to cut you into three pieces.
I guess you're really weak.
Oh, yes, there's this too.
I'm taking this with me.
It's over.
This is pissing me off.
Just come out now
if you're going to switch places.
What's wrong, brat?
-Juju Stroll!
Yes, I understand.
Please take care of it. Yes.
-Stare…
What's wrong?
So you bow
while talking on the phone, Mr. Ijichi.
When I'm about to make a call,
I'll adjust my mood accordingly
to make it an immersive experience.
I can understand that.
I've hurt my neck several times
while trying to remove ingrown hair
during depilation.
Of course, my pores were hurt too.
Is that the same thing?
Fushiguro gets agitated on the phone too.
That's not about the phone call,
that's because it's Mr. Gojo.
Itadori likes to walk around
while he's on the phone.
Speaking of phone calls,
can you guys sandwich
your phone on your shoulder
while making a call?